Final Project: For the project scenario, here is an overview of your tasks. The following reading sections will provide you with detailed instructions for each task.

Project Tasks:

Task 1: Familiarize yourself with the dataset 

Task 2: (Optional) If you do not already have an instance of Watson Studio, create an IBM Cloud Lite account and provision an instance of Waston Studio.

Task 3: Load the dataset in a Jupyter Notebook using Watson Studio.

Task 4: Generate basic statistics and visualizations for upper management. 

Task 5: Use the appropriate tests to answer the questions provided.

Task 6: Share your Jupyter Notebook.

 This project is worth 15% of your final grade. Detailed instructions for each of these tasks follow.



Task 4: Generate Descriptive Statistics and Visualizations
For all visualizations, please include a title in each graph and appropriate labels

Generate the following and explain your findings:

For the "Median value of owner-occupied homes" provide a boxplot

Provide a  bar plot for the Charles river variable

Provide a boxplot for the MEDV variable vs the AGE variable. (Discretize the age variable into three groups of 35 years and younger, between 35 and 70 years and 70 years and older)

Provide a scatter plot to show the relationship between Nitric oxide concentrations and the proportion of non-retail business acres per town. What can you say about the relationship?

Create a histogram for the pupil to teacher ratio variable


Task 5: Use the appropriate tests to answer the questions provided.
For each of the following questions;

Is there a significant difference in median value of houses bounded by the Charles river or not? (T-test for independent samples)

Is there a difference in Median values of houses (MEDV) for each proportion of owner occupied units built prior to 1940 (AGE)? (ANOVA)

Can we conclude that there is no relationship between Nitric oxide concentrations and proportion of non-retail business acres per town? (Pearson Correlation)

What is the impact of an additional weighted distance  to the five Boston employment centres on the median value of owner occupied homes? (Regression analysis)

Be sure to:

State your hypothesis.

Use α = 0.05

Perform the test Statistics.

State the conclusion from the test.
